hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be telling you all of the books that I
read in 2018 so this year I managed to
read 97 bucks which is less than I
wanted my aim was actually 118 books
this year but I just did not reach that
goal
I read 97 which I'm pretty happy with so
okay so I track all of the books that I
read on Goodreads my Goodreads account
is literally just Ruby Grainger so you
can easily find that if you search for
it and as always it will be in the
description box as well along with all
of my other social media so if you have
never seen my face before hello my name
is Ruby I am 18 years old and I'm
currently studying at the University of
Exeter doing philosophy and theology and
I am in first year on Goodreads you can
set yourself a Reading Challenge which
is exactly what I did and I have set my
goal of a hundred and eight this year
I'm one book through that I'm nearly
I've nearly finished another two so it
says I'm on track so it's a tradition
for me to make this video I've made it
every year since 2015 so I did books I
read in 2015 16 17 and now 18 so I will
leave this linked in the description box
to you if you're interested in seeing
the other books that I've read so as
always at the end I will also be right I
will always be going through my top 5
books of this year so the first book I
read was lost for words by Stephane
Buckland it's a bit like Alan Oliphant
is completely fine it really reminded me
of that oh I'm not gonna run through
every book I just realized this will
take forever okay I'm gonna go to your
listing now so lost for words by
Stephanie buttoned we should all be
feminists by shamanda you go Zee Adichie
perfect anorexia and me by Emily Hale
ban the secret Scripture by Sebastian
Mary every day by David Levien Levithan
lady orderlies secrets by Mary Elizabeth
Brannon eating disorders by Amos riff
know which I she read twice secrets at
Malory towers by Pamela Cox
alice-miranda at school by Jacqueline
Harvey The God Delusion by Richard
Dawkins which again I read twice is God
anti-gay and other
questions about homosexuality God is not
great to our religion poisons everything
by Christopher Hitchens blood sacrifice
and nation totem rituals and the
American flag by Caroline Marvin the
problems of philosophy by Bertrand
Russell why be happy when you can be
normal by Jeanette Winterson the
life-changing magic of tidying up by
Marie Kondo the stanislavski's system
growth and methodology by Parvez saw
Sawatzky elected to a Christian nation
by Sam Harris and of Green Gables by Al
and Montgomery science and the soul
selected writings of a passionate
passionate rationalist by Richard
Dawkins inter-religious reading after
Vatican to scriptural reasoning by David
Ford wonder by RJ Palacio one of my
favorite books is my fourth time reading
it what nobody knew by Amelia Henry my
name is Victoria by Lucy Worsley after
the fire by Wilhelm reconstructing
Amelia by Kimberly macwrite the nicest
girl in the school by Angela Brazel dear
Billy seventy authors tell their stories
by Megan Kelly Hall the princess at the
school by Angela brasil' the hate you
give by RG Thomas the secular conscience
I believe belongs in public life by
Austin Dacey before by Veronica Roth the
mystery of the George mouth by Katharine
would find small spaces by Sarah Epstein
modern Latin American literature a very
short introduction by Roberto Gonzalez
in Jabalia I think history of wolves by
Emily Fruitland the prime of Miss Jean
Brodie by Muriel Spark Alcatraz
schoolgirl a memoir by Anna thumbin
Paper Towns by John Green and those last
eight books or the books that I read in
the read-a-thon which I did in the
summer which I will again linked down
below if you're interested in watching
that it's actually one of my favorite
videos ever made and I really want to do
another one soon 11 by Tom Rogers more
than this by Patrick nurse the girl with
all of the gifts by Mr Carey hooker home
cozy Danish ideas for house interiors
why I am no longer talking to white
people about race by rani ido lodge the
lightning thief by pop the lightning
thief i don't say by percy jackson no
the lightning thief by Rick I can't say
that reordan ego is the enemy by Ryan
holiday
winter girls by Laurie Halse Anderson
paperweight by Merchiston meditations on
the fast philosophy I think I actually I
ended up reading this book three times
this year because I ended up studying it
in one of my philosophy modules too and
that's by Rene Descartes the
overachievers the secret lives of driven
kids by Alexandra Robbins The Hobbit by
JRR tolkien a stolen life by Jack Jaycee
Dugard the glass castle by Jeanette
Winterson second star to the right by
Deborah court sig Hooker the Danish
secrets of happiness how to be happy by
Maya for sin Turtles all the way down by
John Green pax by Sara Pennypacker Meno
by Plato the Bible in the modern worlds
by David j8 Klein's the metamorphosis by
Franz Kafka play - in the Socratic
dialogues by Charles H Cohn
alice-miranda in New York by Jacqueline
Harvey people like us by Donna Malay an
inquiry concerning human understanding
by David Hume heaven beguiles that hired
death in the poetry of Emily Dickinson
by Thomas W Ford after Jonathan Edwards
the course of the New England theology
by Oliver D crest the book of Job what
is postmodern biblical criticism by
Andrew K Adam the book of Job a
commentary by Norman C Havel reading
Emily Dickinson's letters critical
essays by Jane Donohue herbal wine but
she's the editor of course the little
prince by Anne Tuohy I can't speak
French I'm French I'm sorry a million
years in a day a curious history of
daily life by Craig Jenner who I
actually met he is the coolest person
ever Harry Potter and the Prisoner of
Azkaban I actually read that book twice
this year got on trial the book of Job
and human suffering by Bill Thomason the
highly sensitive person how to thrive
when the world overwhelms you by Elaine
and Aaron the spread of Christianity in
the first four centuries by a William V
Harris and a title here by Rahul Khanna
Kia an introduction to women
establishing biblical interpretation by
Nasser jr. pledged the secret life of
sororities by Alexandra Robbins our
under somber days by class fella the
route led guide book to Descartes
meditations on First Philosophy by Gary
Hatfield the
in the nightingale by Katherine Arden
and then I read a few Christmas picture
books which were the night before
Christmas 25 December lane and the Pony
Express hug aroun kisses by Clara
christened in' alice-miranda at camp and
alice murder and holiday both by Jack
and Harvey and that all of the books
that I read in 2018 I thought I had a
pretty good reading yeah I really loved
so many of these books and I hope that
you maybe look into reading some of
these if you want to have ratings and
see some reviews then please head over
to my Goodreads I try and post regularly
and I'm trying to post I update you on
every single book I read but I'm trying
to post more reviews this year that's
one of my new year's resolutions so the
top 5 books I read were the
overachievers the secret lives of driven
kids by Alexandra Robbins and of Green
Gables which I'd never actually read
perform alice-miranda just as a general
series I fell in love with the character
and even though it's aimed a much
younger audience I love it and I'm
intending on reading every book in the
series now before I really loved winter
girls even though if you have if you
have any any sort of history with eating
disorders I do not recommend this book
at all because I think it could be
slightly triggering and number five why
I'm no longer talking to white people
about race which I found really
enlightening and I'm so glad to read
so thank you so much watching this video
I hope that you enjoyed it and have a
productive week